Add ON CONSTRAINT option. (#14006)
cockroachdb/docs: v22.1/insert.md

Parameter | Description
----------|------------
`common_table_expr` | See [Common Table Expressions](common-table-expressions.html).

> `table_name` | The table to write data to.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`table_name` | The table into which data is written.
```

{% remote_include https://raw.githubusercontent.com/cockroachdb/generated-diagrams/release-22.1/grammar_svg/on_conflict.html %}
</div>

Normally, when inserted values conflict with a `UNIQUE` constraint on one or more columns, CockroachDB
returns an error. To update the affected rows instead, use an `ON CONFLICT`
clause containing the column(s) with the unique constraint
and the `DO UPDATE SET` expression set to the column(s) to be updated
(any `SET` expression supported by the [`UPDATE`](update.html)
statement is also supported here, including those with `WHERE`
clauses). To prevent the affected rows from updating while allowing
new rows to be inserted, set `ON CONFLICT` to `DO NOTHING`. See the
[Update Values `ON CONFLICT`](#update-values-on-conflict) and [Do Not Update Values `ON CONFLICT`](#do-not-update-values-on-conflict) examples.

If the values in the `SET` expression cause uniqueness conflicts,
CockroachDB will return an error.

> `ON CONSTRAINT` allows you to explicitly specify an index for `INSERT ON CONFLICT`,

Reviewer 2: nit: it allows you to specify an index or a unique constraint:

```
defaultdb> create table t (k int primary key, a int);
CREATE TABLE

defaultdb> create unique index idx on t(a);
CREATE INDEX

defaultdb> alter table t add constraint con unique (a);
ALTER TABLE

defaultdb> insert into t values (1, 1) on conflict on constraint idx do nothing;
INSERT 1

defaultdb> insert into t values (1, 1) on conflict on constraint con do nothing;
INSERT 0
```
